# Cplusplus-program

# Summarize the project and what problem it was solving.
For this project I created a program that takes in a text file of produce items purchased throughout the day at a grocery store and organized the information for the store to use in their store layout. The program creates a safe backup text file before any user interaction, and then provides three convenient options for a store employee to utilize the product sale information: A list of item name and quantity sold, a histogram of item name and quantity sold, and a search function to display the number of items sold for a particular item.
# What did you do particularly well?
I encorporated aspects of object oriented programming into my project effectively in my opinion. The amount of logic contained within the main function is limited to reading/writing the data and providing a loop for user interaction, while the bulk of the logic used to make the program function is contained within a single class. There is a single constructor and single private map within that class for storing data, and I believe that the code is quite modularized, readable, and easy to maintain.
# Where could you enhance your code? How would these improvements make your code more efficient, secure, and so on?
While there is some input validation included within my code, I believe it would ultimately be safer and more secure if in the future I were to encorporate more handling of possible and unforseen errors with try/catch blocks.
# Which pieces of the code did you find most challenging to write, and how did you overcome this? What tools or resources are you adding to your support network?
The most challenging aspect of the project for me was transferring data from a vector into a map. I had no prior knowledge of creating a map and iterating over elements prior to this, so I relied on outside resources to learn. The two main resources I used and will continue to use were Cplusplus.com documentation and stackoverflow posts/comments. Seeing information relayed in a variety of ways helps me understand a topic more effectively.
# What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects or course work?
The two topics within this project that will be easily transferable to other projects are reading/writing information to new sources and properly executing object oriented programming. Coming from a background in JavaScript primarily, I have had to focus on learning the correct way to incorporate objects into my code, but I believe the organizational groundwork I have learned in this course will carry over nicely into future work.
# How did you make this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable?
As touched on previously, my program contains a single class that contains the bulk of the real logic. If any future changes were required, changes could be made in a single file. I also focues on including detailed comments throughout the program so that if another programmer were to inspect my code it would be easy/quick to understand what is happening and where.
